alright so what's going on guys my name
is your show up easy welcome back to
channel today i'm finally say I'm
sponsored by control freak I think you
guys already noticed by the title but
I'm actually sponsored by control freak
and it's actually pretty cool I can
actually finally say use code ocean to
save ten percent off on all your control
freak purchases and um it's actually
pretty cool saying that I'm now
affiliated with control freak okay I'm
sponsored by them so this video is
basically gonna tell you guys I'm gonna
actually tell you guys how I started out
with control freaks and watch over you I
used to this day right now so i thought
i could so i started using the toe
freaks back and black ops i think one or
two no black ops yeah black ops are too
and these are first ones i ever use look
at them right there those things are
crusty like it's legitly my first
control freak ever and I'm like look
yeah yeah um these are my first first
control freaks and until this day I
still use control freak so as I was on
the site I was actually noticing they
actually have more on different type of
control freak that you can purchase that
have different levels each coteaux freak
has a Louisville for your like like what
you ever want to play with this one
right here is called control freak
ultras and they're a little bit higher
as this one right here as long as this
is a flat surface this right here has a
little thing under it that makes it a
little bit higher um it looks like a
normal xbox of one um thumbstick but has
a little thing over it oh but isn't
right there these actually how about um
a lot too so I'm telling you right now
control freak is actually pretty good
and God did not try to get try them out
use my coat safes on me at the same time
also helps me out and once I still use
to this day or control freak alphas for
Xbox one these came out about the two
years or a year ago and I picked them up
I'm like you know I gotta try these out
i tried it out at first they're hard to
get used to don't get me wrong get any
will be little scratching and beginning
but after you get used to them your aim
will be Chris and you actually would be
hidden or your shots shots that you
think you would never hit before you
would actually hit them with these
control freaks or whatever type of
control freak so you can get now in a
site they have different a trophic
atrophic snipers of Snipes different
ones that look
friend yep the black ops 3 editions at
the three lines of the three bars in
front of them they have the ghost ones
they also have ali-a once le actually
has his own control freaks now it has
his logo on actual control freak it
looks pretty cool and guys listen to him
that's actually pretty cool that'd be
pretty cool to have one of mine in my
logo on a control freak that would
actually be pretty cool i have it like
little dark blue with a blue or the
white outline around it daddy daddy
daddy sick but you know those are goals
right there was a gold dress is set for
yourself so toe freak alphas pretty good
pretty good so before I use these I was
actually using these right here now I
actually have them on market over Mike
Rotolo right now and I've been using
them a lot since these right here a
little warrant out you could tell their
little worn out you can tell you can
tell they're little feel a little bit
little crusty little crusty but um gotta
pick up another pair of these pretty
soon so these are ones i've been using
for a while now and tell you right now
they actually about your aim now you can
tell i've been using for water look look
at my look at my thumbs take that one
right there's all crusty either Mike let
my webcam mic for kids come on why can't
focus up right there hold on focus focus
on focus up focus up fuck i like it at
look at look at the difference that
right this one right here is all worn
out and this one here is all crusty so i
use control freaks on my right ones only
I don't use one control freak that's my
right one and tell you right now it
actually helps that live work it really
helps out a lot for my ps4 i do not own
a control freak yet gonna pick up one
pretty soon i'ma tell you guys how i
like it cuz i mean playing some black
ops 3 mainly on the ps4 since is um a
dominant console just for this year and
I'm gonna pick it up I'm gonna pick it
up and it's gonna be good gonna be good
it's gonna be good so use code ocean to
save ten percent off on all your control
freak products or purchases it saves
someone at the same time I also host me
out you can actually get some shirts you
can get the grip on the site and they
actually came out with grip a couple
months ago a lot of youtubers we're
doing reviews on them and the grip you
can pull you pull water on in the water
slide straight off and also you have a
good a good firm on your controller and
that's on see it hopefully you guys did
enjoy this video feels good to say you
guys knees my code and
you guys use it if you guys actually use
my coat tweet me Oh favorite retweet
follow you guys that'd be pretty cool it
also shows that you guys are supporting
me and it just it makes me feels good
feels good so anyways guys I took the S
later in the next video and I see you
guys later phase